Asset Management System Running Prerequisites
                 
Technology Requirements:

    1.Node js
    2.Microsoft Visual Studio Code 
    3.PgAdmin 
    4.PostgreSQL Server
    5.Postman 
    
Steps to Run the Application:

Step 1: Clone the repository or download the ZIP file.
Step 2: Extract the ZIP file to the folder where you want to store the project.
Step 3: 1) Open a command prompt in the project folder and run the command:
         
         * npm install(It may take a few minutes for the installation to complete.)
         
        2) Alternatively, open the project in Visual Studio Code, then open the terminal and run the command:
        
         * npm install (It may take a few minutes for the installation to complete.)
    
Step 4: Once the package installation is completed, configure and connect the PostgreSQL database using the credentials from the .env file:
         
         * DATABASE_URL = "postgresql://username:password@server:port/DatabaseName"
         
         postgresql   : Specifies the database system (PostgreSQL).
         username     : The username for database authentication.
         password     : The password for the given username.
         server       : The server’s address (IP or domain).
         port         : The port number (default is 5432).
         DatabaseName : The name of the database to connect to.
         
Step 5: Next, run the following commands to generate the Prisma client and push the schema to the database:

         * npx prisma generate
         * npx prisma db push
         
Step 6: Once the schema is generated and pushed successfully, view all tables in PgAdmin.
Step 7: Once everything is set up, run the application with the following command:

	 * npm start
	 
Step 8: Once the server is running successfully, perform CRUD operations using Postman:

Steps to use Postman:

        * The Postman collection is stored in the project directory: docs/postman/Asset Management System.postman_collection.json.
        * Open Postman, click on the "Import" button, select the file, or drag and drop the Postman collection.

	 
	 
         


